I'm going to share with you my number
one tip to ensure you still getting your
greens and veggies even when you're
traveling or always on the go stay tuned
hey Lou Gleaners I'm Brad got through
author of awakening hazard and creator
of the living after burn workout system
and live Lee meltdown DVDs and your host
of live lean TV that's a lot of it leads
we all now consuming your veggies and
greens are so important to living lean
but what happens if you're crazy busy or
travel a lot and just can't find the
time to prepare your food does this mean
you have excuse not to properly fuel
your body with vitamins and minerals
found in your veggies no to ensure i get
my fix of vitamins and minerals
regardless of where I am I take what I
call my veggie insurance if I'm
traveling I pack my greens powder with
me along with a few other essentials
like Kirby the Frog as soon as I wake up
in the morning in addition to my lemon
water on an empty stomach I consume 1
tablespoon of greens mixed in a cup of
water blend if you have access to a
blender or just mix it up well and chug
damn that's good my greens powder helped
increase my energy health immunity
happiness and ultimately helps your body
live lean the athletic greens that I go
with contain 76 healthy ingredients that
are alkaline raw and antioxidant rich
there's even probiotics in there which
contain no artificial sweeteners or
preservatives it provides my body with
all in one insurance policy to live lean
in my opinion it's much better than any
multivitamin out there you can learn
more about this and find the exact
greens powder that I use on my items
like digg page on my website Brad got
through fitness com you've seen this
page right this is where I share all the
cool fitness and nutrition products that
I share with you guys on live lean TV
I'll put a link in the video description
below right down there to this page so
make sure you go check it out now and
let me know in the comment section below
which of these items on this page you
also use as well live lean and green my
friends we'll see you at the next video
alright guys thanks for watching another
episode
live lean TV make sure you subscribe to
this channel by clicking that subscribe
button in the middle of the screen watch
another video by clicking the thumbnail
to the left into the right and make sure
you follow me on the social change will
see down in the right corner see you
guys in the next video